---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: So who are we?
datePublished: '2016-03-15T02:12:08.329Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-15T02:11:35.890Z'
title: Who We Are
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-06-ab81bd21-cabd-4a9a-990e-7f70a40bafa5.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: who-we-are/index.html
_type: Article

---
So who are we?

We are dads who just want to create a loving and nourishing relationship with our children and families all while having a little bit of fun and basking in our "man-ness" at the same time. 

We often times consider ourselves mommies with a penis but realize that we likely lack the instinctual nature or the drive that most mothers are born with (or develop more thoroughly over time).

We also know that we lack some parenting common sense (a topic for another discussion).

Anyway . . . we are basically just guys who are interested in and excited about being good dads and who have found there is a lack of resources that support us in ways that engage our very limited attention span.

Squirrel.

So welcome to an unusual but necessary blog site for men (and women who want to make sure their husbands are not on the internet watching porn).

A place where you can be yourself and be a dad (don't tell my wife I said that), sip on a beer, schedule a play date, learn how to craft an exciting vegetarian chicken marsala dinner (WTF), enjoy life adventures with the bloggers and maybe even expand your knowledge of little girl hair styles so your daughter won't hate your for making her the ugly girl in her class.

Welcome to a place where it is ok to wear stretch pants because cloths that mold to our bodies feels good to us too (Do not do this. I was just kidding).

Welcome to . . . Mommy + Man.